---
title: 面试口语
date: 2019-07-06 18:40:57
tags:
categories:
- 英语
---

###### 自我介绍1

Good morning. Dear Teachers I am glad to be here for this interview.

+ good 的 **d**不要发音，不是 猫宁 **or**     glad 嘴张大 ‘哎’

My name is Zhanzeye, 21 years old，I come from AnHui,Anqing. I am going to  graduate from the information and computer engineering department of Northeast Forestry University in july, 2020.  

In the past three years I have been preparing for the postgraduate recommendation. 

Now all my hard work has got a result since I have a chance to be here. 

+ got 读 `\^\` 和a 连读 发d 

So I just feel a little bit nervous, because this is my first time to have such an interview.

+ just  -> **t** ;  bit -> **t**  （字母t 不发音）   because -> ‘cos (课 zi)   an interview 降调

In the past three years, I have learnt some basic knowledge of software engineering. 

For example, from the course of  *software architecture* , I got to know *software design pattern*.

+ for example  r 和 e 连读

When I learnt more about this field. I became more interested in it. 

+ in的词尾[n]和it的词首[ɪ]连读为[nɪ]

Apart from textbooks, I borrowed many relevant ones from our library to read, such as *data structure*  and *network of computer*

I really enjoy my journey when reading and absorbing the information from these fascinating works. 

+ journey  前停顿 升调           the 在 information 读 zi  

In addition to reading books, I also like browsing through some journals in 专业领域  on a daily basis so that I can keep an eye on the latest news and findings in my area.

+ keep an eye 连读

My passion in software is the reason why I would like to pursue my further study in this field. Owing to my 

+ pursue     => I miss you     => ensure   \s\ 和 \j\

diligence and persistence, I could concentrate on my study and I believe that Icould eventually succeed.

<!--more-->